join kids hat
[Music]
family look that's a wolf out there he
looks so big and cunning yeah tofu
wolves are known to be clever and
cunning my childhood memory with wolves
are quite interesting especially the
story of the wolf and the seven little
goats the wolf and the seven little
goats wow I haven't heard that one tell
me the story
Tia the wolf and the seven little
goats once upon a time there lived a
mama goat and her seven little
kids there was a happy little home all
the seven little kids used to play in
The
Meadows into the wild with the
butterflies and birds singing along
their days used to go in complete
Harmony and
Bliss until one day a big black wolf
noticed these little kids playing in the
meadow
hahaa such an easy treat they are for me
I haven't eaten since
ages I'm sure these would make delicious
lamb chops for my dinner tonight he
waited for the moment when the mother
goat would leave her kids alone
patiently hiding in the bushes
children I'm going to the market to buy
bread and cookies for you I'll be back
by evening just make sure you remain
conscious of this big bad
wolf but mommy how would we know if it's
not you The Wretched wolf can easily be
recognized with his host voice and black
feet don't open the door or or else you
little ones would get into Danger Don't
Worry Mommy we would take care of
ourselves the mother goat went off to
the market and the kids made doubly sure
with the locks on the door after making
sure that they are safe in their little
home off they went to play when suddenly
there was a knock on the
door hello my children open the door
your mother is
back hearing the voice the youngest one
scampered to the door mommy mommy she's
back in no time the eldest one ran to
catch his little sibling no it's not our
mommy she hasn't got such a rough voice
and then looking at the door the eldest
kid shouted back saying Go away you big
bad wolf a mother doesn't have such a
horse voice hearing this the wolf got
annoyed and ran to get a box of chalk as
he had heard that this would make his
voice as soft as that of a baby but kids
you shouldn't do this at any cost as
this would only make your tummy ache
badly
so off he went and gulped off the whole
box of
chalk knocking on the door again he said
hello kids your mother is back look what
I have got for you cookies Breads and
ginger ale oh that sounds like a mother
should we open the door now but look
down there a mother has not got black
feet
this is surely the
wolf go away you big bad wolf a mother
has not got black feet but beautiful
white feet hearing this the wolf ran to
the Miller and jumped into the mountain
of white dough he was all white from
head to toe running back to the house he
knocked again and
said kids
your mother is back open the
door that sounds like a mother and also
the feet are wide we should open the
door
now not knowing what danger awaits them
all the kids ran to the door and opened
it but just to see who was standing
there the big bad wolf gave a loud laugh
and brushed off his white
powder hello kids are you ready to
become my feast
tonight the kids ran here and there to
save their lives one went inside the
kettle the other in the oven one looked
for a place under the bed and the other
tried saving Itself by hiding in the
pot the youngest one was so tiny that he
managed managed to hide himself inside
the clock case the wolf having no mercy
started taking them out from the hidings
one by one he rolled them in a ball and
gulped them up ah there goes the first
one oh the second one is under the bed
here you go in no time he ate all the
kids except for the youngest one who was
hiding in the clock
case with his tummy full he burped and
left the home when the mother returned
she was shocked to see the door open and
waited for the biggest nightmare that
might have come
true the house was all upside down the
Crockery was broken the curtains were t
on the chair was broken and the kids
were nowhere to be
found she cried for
them children oh children where are you
at that very moment the youngest one
came out of the clock case and hugged
his mother crying and
Howling oh mother the bad wolf disguised
Us by sounding and looking like you he
ate up all my brothers and sisters what
will we do now don't worry let's go and
look for him they went out searching for
the wolf his tummy was so filled that he
slept off in a meadow near the house
itself his SSE were so loud that even
the branches of the tree were
shuddering the mother goat very quietly
went near him and asked her youngest kid
to get scissors thread and a
needle off he went to get
[Music]
them the mother goat very quietly slit
open his tummy and took out all her kids
from his
tummy they then filled up his tummy with
stones as big as balls and then she
stitched the tummy with the thread and
the
needle the wolf had such a huge feast
after so long and he slept all
night in the morning when he got up he
was so thirsty that he tried running to
the well but his b belly was so heavy
that he could hardly
walk he picked up his belly and managed
to reach the
well but the moment he bent down to
drink water he couldn't handle the
weight and fell in the well the kids
were looking at all of this from their
window and shouted happily Mommy Mommy
the wolf has
died now we can play freely outside
without any
fear and they lived happily ever
[Music]
after now that was one cunning
wolf but tofu if you be bad to others
bad happens to you too always remember
that yaa
[Applause]
what happened tofu why are you so sad
Tia I am sad because I lost my bicycle
last week my friends enjoy the ride on
their bicycles but I can't I wish they
lose their bicycles too tofu I never
knew you'll be so
mean you sound very selfish you should
stop this right away uh Tia Tia sorry
Tia but I was really sad I don't have
one but my friends do I just feel left
out it's okay tofu I can understand that
you are sad but wishing bad for others
is not good we should always think good
for others come I'll tell you a story
about a fox who became a laughing star
Talk Amongst his friends just because he
was very
[Music]
selfish the fox without a
tail one day a fox was walking in a
forest suddenly he heard a huge snap and
in an imediate reaction he jumped but
something awful happened to the poor
little
thing he found his tail stuck in a trap
and this gave a sharp pain in his
rear ooh ah that hurts so much oh my
tail is stuck in a trap what could I do
now after battling for long with his
tail and the trap he gave a final try to
it and with that came another the
snapping
[Music]
voice tears coming out of his eyes the
fox
moaned oh my tail my
tail I lost my furry beautiful
tail what would I do now I'll become
laughing stalk off my skull
now this is so embarrassing
[Music]
and he walked deeper into the forest
with his head bowed down in
sorrow when suddenly an idea struck his
mind he decided to call a meeting of all
his
[Applause]
friends friends I have gathered you for
for a reason today while walking through
the forest I kept wondering we have eyes
nose ears teeth legs all for some
[Music]
reason but why why do we need a tail
it's a useless thing and keeps bothering
us for some reason or the other it
either gets in way of our sitting or
when kept outside is left for someone to
trip
over so after a deep thought I cut off
my tail and want you to do the same it
feels great without that useless thing
the skull of fox kept looking at the fox
in amazement as to what he was
saying it's true but nobody has really
thought about them
without the
tail it surely would be painful to do
that meanwhile a young agile fox jumped
on to the higher place and addressed the
skull are you saying this because you no
longer have a beautiful furry
[Music]
tail here you are just talking about
your
self-interest so that you don't get
embar embarrassed and feel left out of
the
[Music]
skull and the rest of the skull went off
laughing away and discussing as to how
selfish and mean the fox is in order to
not feel embarrassed he wants everyone
to chop off their
[Music]
tail diar now I understood I shouldn't
be selfish and and not think bad for
others come I'll buy you an ice cream
[Music]
tofu dear how important is it to be
clever it is important to be clever but
one should use it only for good reason
not to hurt someone come I'll tell you a
story of a clever monkey and a crocodile
who thought he was clever but was
actually a big
fool the clever
[Music]
monkey Once Upon a Time on a
Riverside lived a monkey on a
tree the place was a paradise for him
because just hopping on a stone he used
to reach a small island in the middle of
the
river which was adorned by choices and
juiciest of
fruits in the vicinity of the island
there lived a crocodile
couple and every day they used to drool
at the monkey hopping in and out of the
island
but the monkey was so clever that the
crocodile couple never managed to lay
their hands on the
monkey one day the female crocodile said
dear husband I have a plan to NAB this
monkey ah none of our tricks have bured
with this clever
monkey what brilliant idea do you have
now
the female crocodile whispered in his
ears and all he could do was laugh
sheepishly the next day when the monkey
was busy feasting on fruits on the
island the crocodile very silently went
and sat on the
[Music]
stone when the monkey was done with with
eating he was about to hop onto the
stone when suddenly he realized that the
stone is looking bigger than
usual he understood that it was a
crocodile waiting for him he called out
to the crocodile is that you Mr
Crocodile no no it's not me and the
monkey thought how dumb could the
crocodile get
so he thought for a second and called
out to the crocodile oh you surely
caught me this time I'll make your job
easier now just open your mouth and I'll
jump into it on my own the foolish
crocodile opened his wide
mouth with his eyes shut and waited for
the monkey to jump the clever monkey who
was watching the closed by crocodile
hopped on the head of the crocodile and
crossed the
river you couldn't fool me this time
either by clear and clever thinking the
monkey managed to trick the foolish
[Music]
crocodile ha the crocodile was indeed a
fool who got tricked by the clever
monkey yeah tofu and the moral is that
we must think before we do anything like
that clever monkey and not like that
foolish crocodile
[Music]
what are you doing tofu I'm trying to
water the plants but this hose is broken
come let me tell you a short
story The clever
[Music]
Crow the clever Crow
one hot day a Thirsty Crow flew all over
the fields looking for water
h
[Music]
for a long time he could not find any
water suddenly he saw a what a jug below
the
tree he flew straight down to see if
there was any water inside yes he could
see some water inside The Jug the crow
tried to push his head into the jug
sadly he found that the neck of the jug
was too
narrow what should I do I am really
thirsty how do I drink
water then he tried to push The Jug to
tilt for the water to flow out but The
Jug was too heavy he looked around and
saw some Pebbles he suddenly had a good
idea he started picking up the Pebbles
one by one dropping each into The Jug as
more and more Pebbles filled The Jug the
water level kept Rising soon it was high
enough for the crow to drink his plan
had worked
[Music]
so like the clever Crow was able to find
a solution to the problem by thinking
and working hard would you be able to
find one to this too
[Music]
thanks
Tia good night
tiar good night tofu
[Music]
once upon a time there lived a lonely
couple who only wished to have a child
they lived in a little house all on
their
own at the back of the house there was a
small little window from which a
splendid Garden could be
seen this Garden was full of very
beautiful flowers and herbs no one dared
to enter the garden as it belonged to a
witch named Dame
gotho one day the woman saw a plant
called rampion which is used to make
salads dear husband I have a strong
desire to have a salad made out of that
[Applause]
plant oh but that belongs to the wicked
witch oh please do something I really
want to eat those rampions okay dear I
will try to get it for
you at midnight the husband climbed the
wall into the garden of the Witch
[Music]
and started taking some
rampion the man took the rampion and his
wife made a salad out of it and ate it
but the very same night there was a
knock on the door and the man knew
something was
wrong how dare you
human come into my garden and steal my
rampion like a
thief you will suffer for it
oh please forgive me my wife saw your
rampant from the window and she wanted
it so bad that I could not say no to her
oh if that's the truth then I will let
you have as many rampions as your wife
wants but only on one condition what is
that condition you must give me the
child which your wife will bring into
this
world the man in his Terror
consented to everything as time passed
by the couple gave birth to a beautiful
little baby
girl but that very same night the witch
came to their door and took away the
baby girl leaving the poor parents in
complete
sorrow you are such a beautiful looking
girl I will name you Rapunzel and take
care of
you the witch kept her locked in a tower
with no doors and stairs but just a
small little
window as the time passed by Rapunzel
grew into a beautiful girl with very
long golden
locks but her beauty went in vain
because the crew pool witch never
allowed her to go anywhere sad Rapunzel
just used to stand at the little window
and sing sad songs when the witch had to
visit Rapunzel she used to ask Rapunzel
to let down her
[Music]
hair Rapunzel Rapunzel let down your
hair to me
[Music]
H one day when Rapunzel was standing at
the window singing sad
songs la la
la a very handsome prince was passing
by he stopped and looked here and there
to see where this beautiful voice was
coming
from
La Oh What a Beautiful
song who is singing so
[Music]
beautifully the prince noticed the
beautiful voice coming from the
tower he wanted to climb the tower and
looked for the door but could not find
one he went back home in
dismay but Rapunzel's singing had
touched his heart so much that every day
he started going to the forest to listen
to Rapunzel's songs
one day he was standing behind the tree
when he saw the witch
coming and he heard what she said
Rapunzel Rapunzel let down your head to
me then Rapunzel let down her long
beautiful hair
[Music]
and the witch climbed up the
tower oh that's the way to climb up to
the tower I shall do the
[Applause]
[Music]
same the next day when it began to grow
dark he went to the tower Rapunzel
Rapunzel let your hair down to
me immediately the hair fell down and
the prince climbed
[Music]
up oh who are you oh Lord you are the
most beautiful Maiden that I have ever
seen in my life I have lost my heart to
you will you marry me will you be my
wife and live with me in my kingdom oh
my prince I wish that was possible but
the witch won't let me go out of this
Tower and if she comes to know about you
she will kill you I don't care you are
coming with me now come on let's go oh
Prince I am ready to go away with you
but I do not know how to get down
if I let down my hair then how will I
get down you are right
M you have to go now the witch will come
soon yes don't worry Rapunzel I will
think of something and come back
tomorrow that moment when the prince was
climbing down the tower the witch saw
him oh so he wants to take Rapunzel away
they both will have to pay for this the
witch climbed the tower after asking
Rapunzel to let down her
hair you treacherous girl how could you
even think of betraying me you shall pay
for
this the witch took a big pair of
scissors and chopped off her long
beautiful
dresses Rapunzel was left all alone in
the desert by the witch to live in grief
and
misery meanwhile the prince returned the
next evening to take Rapunzel
away Rapunzel Rapunzel let down your
hair the wicked witch let down the long
braid that she had chopped off from
Rapunzel's hair and the prince climbed
the tower without knowing what danger
was awaiting him when the prince was
about to enter the window the wicked
witch chopped off the braid just to see
the Prince fall off the tower into the
thorny bushes under the tower the prince
started bleeding from his eyes as the
Thorns blinded him completely ha
The Witch cast a spell on The
[Music]
Prince and he wandered in woods around
the world without any sight and survived
in poor conditions meanwhile the prince
roamed about in misery for 2 years and
finally he got to the desert where
Rapunzel was left by the witch
la la la he suddenly heard the beautiful
sad voice of his beloved and started
shouting in excitement that voice that
voice is it you
Rapunzel is it really
[Music]
you he went towards it and when he
approached Rapunzel said oh Prince you
finally found me I missed you so much I
am so happy to see you that I can't stop
crying two of her tears fell on his eyes
and they grew clear again and he could
see with them as
before I can see again oh my sweet
Rapunzel what have they done to us let's
go back to my
kingdom he took her to his kingdom after
after a year Rapunzel gave birth to a
pretty little baby girl who looked just
like her and they lived happily ever
[Music]
after get up
tofu or you'll get late for school get
up tofu h
Dia
you what
happened that that
was yeah yeah I know I know that was me
in your dream now get up and get
[Music]
[Applause]
ready Tia today I'm very happy
I met one of my friends who was acting
all greedy and selfish in class so I
told him the story of the pi Piper of
Hamlin and he soon understood the lesson
really
tofu I haven't heard this one I would
love to hear it from you
the P Piper of
Hamlin once upon a time there was a town
named
[Music]
Hamlin the town was beautiful bustling
with energy and
wealth but no sooner the happiness of
the town was ruined by by a
plague plague of
rats there were rats
[Music]
everywhere so much so that the people of
the Town didn't even have a place to
keep a step without tripping over the
rats there were Rats of every side
shape every age and
color nothing worked as a
[Music]
remedy not even the cats were able to
control the plague of
[Music]
rats giving up the authorities decided
to announce a reward of 10 bags of gold
to anyone who could help to get rid of
the
rats one day a Strang looking man came
to the town he was dressed in the
traditional dress but all red in color
with a long peculiar nose and big wide
eyes he adorned his head with a feather
in his hat
[Music]
he went to the authorities and said ah I
have a solution for your
problem I assure you that not a single
rat would live in this beautiful town
but I want 10 Gold bags that you have
promised as
prize the authorities were not very sure
of his his commitment but still allowed
him to give it a try as they had no
other
option soon the Strang looking man took
out a Pied Piper from his pocket and
started playing a very strange
tune within no time all the rats started
coming out and following him
from every nook and corner of the town
so many rats came
out that the whole street was filled
with
[Music]
them very strangely the rats started
following the P Piper who was playing
the strangest tune ever
[Music]
heard the F fiper took them to the
town's River and entered into it
in no time all the rats mesmerized by
his tune fell into the river and
[Music]
drowned there were rejoices in the town
celebrations all
over soon the pie Piper went to the
authorities to claim his prize money
but since their work was done and they
thought that this plague would never
return they shun him off and asked him
to leave without giving him a single
penny what selfish people are these I
did them a favor freed them from such a
bad epidemic and all they could care was
to be greedy and
ungrateful now look how I will teach
these selfish people a
lesson the pi Piper took out his pipe
once again and started playing another
strange
[Music]
tune a tune that no one had ever heard
before in no time all the children of
the Town mesmerized by the music started
following the pie
[Music]
Piper the children were so lost in his
tune that they didn't realize that they
have come out to the outskirts of the
town
[Music]
the P Piper took them to a
cave and let them
in he kept playing the tune till all the
children were inside the
cave he then closed the cave with a huge
Stone only two kids were left in the
entire
town a boy who was hard of hearing and a
girl who had hurt her legs so badly that
she couldn't keep up the pace with the
rest of the
[Music]
kids these two kids went
back and told their parents about the P
Piper and how he lured all the children
into the
cave soon the authorities went begging
to the pie Piper and requested him to
let their children
out this time they promised to reward
him with 20 Gold
bags I don't trust you any longer I want
my prize money
beforehand soon he was handed over his
prize money
and he left never to be seen
again the children were freed from the
cave and the parents hugged them and
cried watching this the authorities said
we surely have learned a lesson this man
came out of nowhere and saved us from an
epidemic
all that we did in return was to be
selfish and
ungrateful he surely taught us a lesson
of not to be greedy and
selfish that night the town rejoiced and
celebrated like a
festival it's still said that in the
town of hamlon if you ever go and listen
carefully
you might hear the beautiful
sound of the pite
[Music]
piper tofu I'm so proud of you you must
be a little naughty but you surely are a
good boy
[Music]
huh tofu I think you should help the
poor dog why Tia wait I'll explain this
to you through a story
The Lion and the
[Music]
mouse one day a lion was sleeping in his
den a mouse was also playing
nearby little mouse began running up and
down upon him this soon wakened the lion
angry at the little mouse the lion
caught the mouse and said you little
mouse how dare you wake me I will kill
you the mouse was frightened and prayed
to the
lion pardon O King please do not kill me
I am a little creature please let me go
and I will do you a good return one day
for sparing My Life The Lion was rather
amused to hear this thinking what good
can he do to me but let him go
[Music]
a few days after the lion was walking in
a
jungle he found himself caught in a
hunter's net he rode and rolled to get
out of the net but he
[Music]
failed the lion was pleading for
help help me help
me the mouse whose life was saved by the
lion heard the Roar and ran to the lion
and
said don't worry my friend I will save
you the mouse gathered all his friends
and told
them we all have to help my friend and
set him free
The Mouse and his friends cut through
the net and set the lion
free the lion escaped and thanked the
mouse and from that day they became the
best of
friends like the little mouse and lion
had become friends and in the end helped
each other you should help this dog too
cuz A friend in need is a friend
[Music]
[Applause]
indeed what are you trying to do tofu I
am trying to pluck mangoes from this
tree but the effort is going useless
that's because the mangoes are too far
away and the stones are too heavy then
what should I do Tia I really want those
mangoes let me tell you a
story The Three Little
Pigs Once Upon a Time
there was a mama
pig and three little
[Music]
pigs one day mama pig said to them you
are old enough to build your own houses
[Music]
the first Pig built a house of
straw he said now the wolf can't come
and catch me and eat
me the second Pig built his house with
sticks stronger than the first Pig's
house he said now the wolf can't come
and catch me and eat
me the third Pig built his house with
bricks stronger than the second Pig's
house he said now the wolf can't come
and catch me and eat
me next day the wolf came to the house
made of straw
the wolf knocked at the door and said
little pig little pig let me come in I
will not let you come in said the little
pig then I will huff and puff and blow
your house away said the
wolf so he huffed and
puffed the house of straw fell
down and the wolf ate up the first
little pig
next day the wolf came to the house made
of sticks he knocked at the door and
said little pig little pig let me come
in I will not let you come in said the
little pig then I will huff and puff and
blow your house away said the wolf so he
huffed and puffed and blew the house
away the house of sticks fell
down and the wolf ate up the second
little
pig next
day the wolf came to the house made of
[Music]
bricks little pig little pig let me come
in I will not let you come in said the
little pig then I will hu and puff and
blow your house away said the
Wolf The Big Bad Wolf tried to huff and
puff and blow the house
down but he
couldn't he kept trying for hours but
the house was very
strong he tried to enter through the
chimney but the clever third little pig
boiled a big pot of water and kept it
below the chimney the wolf fell into it
and
[Music]
died so the way the third wise Pig
managed to escape from the wolf without
using weapons but through his wisdom
would you be able to do the same
[Music]
[Laughter]
will you help me to do my homework
dear tofu it's dinner time and you
haven't completed your homework
yet I hope you know that your teacher
will be really angry I will do it after
this cartoon Tia but please help me so
that I can finish it fast you have been
watching TV all all day you should get
up and do your homework
first my hand has been hurting since
morning I'm giving it some rest also
dear sister will you please get my bag
and pencil box from the room excuses and
more
excuses he should know his priorities
right h
[Music]
oh
oh no where is my book I can't find it
here did I forget it in
school what will I tell my teacher in
school you should be more responsible
tofu you are a big boy now
anyway complete the rest of your
homework at least now and be more
careful next time
[Music]
onwards so tofu let me tell you a story
in a land far
away lived a hardworking and kind
[Music]
Trader mostly he traded in
salt he also had a horse that was very
lazy and always avoided
work the trader used him to carry sacks
of salt from one town to the other
[Music]
[Applause]
here let me load these sacks up and
let's go to the town across the river to
sell this salt I am so tired today why
do I have to work every day I wish I
could sleep through out the day but no I
have to carry these loads of salt and
move come on horse start walking cross
that bridge until then I'll pack some
food for myself
[Music]
the horse was crossing the
river suddenly he slipped and fell into
the
water as he was carrying sacks of salt
on his back the salt got wet and
dissolved in the water
[Applause]
[Music]
so when the horse got
up the sacks on his back were
[Music]
lighter the horse thought to himself wow
this seems to be a good idea every time
I tip in the river the salt would
dissolve and my burden could be less I
must try doing this more often I hope
Master is not
[Music]
watching when the master reached the
town to sell the salt it weighed just
half of what he loaded thinking it might
be his miscalculation he sold whatever
salt was
left and returned home with his
[Music]
horse the next morning he again loaded
his horse with the sacks of
salt and started to pack his food
the horse yet again started walking
before
him and made it to the
bridge I must try the dipping trick
again before Master reaches here
[Music]
[Applause]
the trader got really
confused as the sacks started weighing
lesser every
[Music]
[Applause]
time the horse purposely started
slipping into the water every
day so that the sacks became lighter
[Music]
one day the trader followed the horse
[Applause]
and hid in the
bushes to his surprise he noticed the
H's new
[Music]
trick oh that's so cunning I must teach
this lazy TOS a lesson
soon so the following day instead of
salt the trader filled the sacks with
[Music]
cotton and tied him to the horse's back
[Applause]
out of his new habit the horse purposely
fell into the
[Music]
river oh no no what is happening today
what is going wrong how are these sacks
getting heavier oh my back hurts what
this time as the sacks were filled with
cotton it soaked water and became
heavier the horse dipped again and again
in water thinking to drain the salt off
somehow but all went in
pain he somehow managed to get up and
cross the
bridge he sat on the ground and panted
as the Sachs had gotten really really
heavy the trader laughed at him and
said horse I am your master this is your
work I work very hard and worship my
work I don't make excuses or fine tricks
to fool others and avoid
work I must teach you to never repeat
this and avoid your
work the horse learned his lesson and
never tried to avoid his work
[Applause]
again what a wise
traitor right tofu he taught the lazy
horse a good
lesson come let me give you the big
bitter medicine for your
[Music]
hand but hey I can see it's totally fine
now maybe you have forgotten about the
pain dear I never had any pain I just
wanted to sit and watch cartoons I was
the lazy horse today
[Music]
I am sorry Tia I'm really worried about
my teacher calling me
[Music]
tomorrow here take your books tofu I
also was the trader today I just wanted
you to learn a
lesson now you should promise me that
you will always do your work and yes I
will help you with your homework oh
thank you Tia please let's finish my
homework quickly I don't want to be lazy
at
all I will always finish all my work
before doing anything else I promise you
that
[Applause]
you know my friend John stays with his
cousins yesterday he came late to the
class and the teacher scolded him a
[Music]
lot John said his cousin brothers made
him finish their course before they let
him leave for
school he said they always trouble him
and make him do a lot of housework oh no
he must feel really bad John is a very
nice boy he doesn't disobey anyone he's
very nice to his cousin Brothers despite
the way they treat
him that is very nice of him we should
always forgive people for their mistakes
have you heard the story of cindella
[Applause]
[Music]
once upon a time there lived a young
girl called
cindella Cinderella's mother had
died and so her father had married
another woman who had two daughters
[Music]
one day Cinderella's father went to work
and never returned Cindrella was left at
the mercy of her stepmother and two step
sisters who made her do all the work of
the house Cindrella it's morning already
where is our
breakfast just a moment stepmother I am
just bringing it out as soon as andella
had laid the breakfast the stepmother
and step sister started eating it
cindella served her own plate too and
was about to eat when her steps sister
pushed her own plate
away yuck I hate it yes now that you
mention it it really is horrible mother
do something send Dr
are you trying to kill us what kind of
food is this but but stepmother I have
made it the way I always make it how
dare you argue with me go and make new
breakfast for us don't you dare do
anything else till we have had our
breakfast and this is what went on in
their house every day the stepmother and
step sisters troubled cindella with
their without any
[Music]
reason but cindella loved them still and
never ever
[Music]
[Applause]
complained one day an announcement was
made in the village
let everybody
know there will be a royal ball at the
palace tomorrow night and the King's son
prince charming will marry a maiden from
amongst the
guests everybody from the village is
invited the whole village was excited
even cella's stepmother and stepsisters
couldn't stop talking about it in the
house
and that is how cindella found out about
the
ball the royal ball Prince Charming the
whole village is invited I will finish
my work quickly so we can all go
together won't it be just
wonderful you who said anything about
you
going you will stay here and polish our
shoes till you can see your face in them
and so with a heavy heart cindella saw
her stepmother and step sisters dress up
and leave for the royal ball the next
[Music]
day once they had left she cried
bitterly suddenly her room lit
up and cindella saw the most beautiful
fairy she could imagine she held in her
hand a delicate
wand who are you get up child I am your
fairy godm mother I am here to get you
to the royal ball really I never knew I
had a fairy god mother but how will I
get to the ball I don't have anything to
wear you don't worry about that my
[Music]
child and so in just a few minutes
cindella was ready for the royal ball
[Music]
[Applause]
as she thanked her fairy
godmother and got aboard the
Chariot she received a word of caution
from the fairy god
mother remember to be back home at 12
otherwise the spell will ver
[Music]
off soon Cindrella arrived at the
palace as she entered the great
Ballroom everyone turned to look who
this beautiful Maiden
was no nobody could recognize
[Music]
her not even her own stepmother and step
sisters Prince Charming walked to
her may I have this dance with
you yes your
highness and so Cindrella and Prince
Charming danced together throughout the
[Music]
evening till cindella heard the clock
strike fairy godm mother's words came
back to
her she needed to get out of there
before the Clock Struck 12
[Music]
without saying a word she tore away from
the princess grasp and ran out of the
palace the prince ran after her wait
wait what is wrong why are you running I
don't even know your
name but Cindrella did not wait or even
look
back her beautiful gown
was already turning into Rags
again her hair was coming loose from the
perfect bun that the fairy god mother
had made for her she didn't even stop
when one of the glass slippers came off
her foot and fell in the palace
driveway she ran out of the palace Gates
and vanished into the darkness on a path
that led to her home
once home she went back to polishing the
shoes that had been given to her and
decided never to speak to anyone about
the
[Music]
ball a few days later two men from the
palace showed up at the
door the lady that Prince Charming fell
in love with left behind her glass
slipper at the royal
ball the prince believes that such a
beautiful slipper could fit only his
beloved and so we're asking all the
girls in the village to try the slipper
the one whom it fits would be the one
the prince will
marry if you have any girls in the house
please ask them to try the
slipper oh yes yes I am sure it was one
of my daughters the slipper would fit
one of
them and so both the stepsisters tried
to fit their foot into the slipper one
by one they pushed and pushed but
couldn't get their foot
in looks like it wasn't your daughter's
after all is there any other young lady
in the house no there
isn't you can leave as the King's Men
made ready to leave suddenly the door of
the house was thrown
open and Prince Charming himself stood
there who is this beautiful girl in the
upstairs window
Madam you have lied to us I demand that
the girl be called forth and try the
slipper yes yes but she is only a
servant girl nevertheless cindella
cindella come down here at once yes
stepmother the moment Prince Charming
saw cindella he knew he had found his
beloved
he took the slipper from the king's man
and slipped it onto her foot
himself the slipper fit perfectly in a
moment Cella was once again transformed
into the beautiful Maiden from the night
of the
ball Prince Charming took her to the
palace with him
[Music]
[Applause]
he ordered that the stepmother and
stepsisters be punished for lying to the
King's Men and treating cindella so
badly and
rudely but being the kindhearted person
that she was cindella asked for them to
be
forgiven the prince fell fell in love
with her even more for her
generosity and they lived happily ever
after wow dear how wonderful is it to
forgive people thank you for telling me
this
[Music]
story I will tell it to John too I'm
sure he will like it
okay shall we go home now I think it's
getting
[Music]
late for your favorite Rhymes stories
and more join kids Hat Family subscribe
here
[Music]
a